# The Travelling Salesman Problem: Finding violated comb inequalities
## Project update, April 10
I wrote programs to find violated comb inequalities, given x* (e.g. `pr76.x`) and the set of dominoes with surplus < 1 (e.g. `pr76.dom`). Cal the support graph of x* F. The methodology is first constructing a graph G where nodes represents dominoes, and (u,v) is an edge if and only if the dominoes represented by u and v intersect.  Then we run a finding stable sets heuristic on G to find an odd stable set. The stable set represents a set of disjoint dominoes in the support  graph. To compute a handle for the given odd set of dominoes, for each domino, we decide upon which half of it should be inside the handle. This is done by an exhaustive enumeration, if the number of dominoes is small, and randomly examine possible patterns if the number of dominoes is large.    After knowing which halves are inside the handle and which halves are not, we construct a supergraph of the support graph F, called `Fbar`, by adding a node 's' and a node 't' to F. 's' and 't' are adjacent to  nodes in the dominoes that are supposed to be inside and outside the handle, respectively. Moreover, the weights of the new edges incident to 's' and 't' are significantly big numbers, say 100.  Compute the min cost s-t cut in Fbar. The cut is very unlikely to use any edge incident to `s` or to `t`. Hence, the cut separates the inside-handle halves of the dominoes from the outside-handle halves of the dominoes.    